Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Did you stop for a coffee or something?
Yeah. yeah. whatever.
Let's go!
Armed Police! Show yourself!
Clear.
Turn that shit off.
All clear.
As expected.
Why is it always the early morning
tip-offs that are duds?
Actually. the intel was good…
…but we weren't early enough.
So where's the suspect?
Shift's over.
We're heading out.
- All good?
- Yeah. no problems.
Dear passengers. this U5 service
to Hönow is ready to depart…
Stand back please.
We can't turn the power on
while they are still down there.
You know that!
We need to get the network back up.
Right now.
Yes. yes. I get it.
I think I see them coming now…
Get a move on. We need to leave.
Confirming all personnel are out.
Ah. great!
Thank you very much.
There we go.
Ah. boss.
Look. if you're sick then you're sick
and you don't come in.
I'll cover you.
No. rest up and get well soon.
First night shift?
You'll get used to them.
- Yeah. who needs a social life?
- Yeah. right.
About that…
could you stay for an extra hour?
Paula is off sick
and I need to cover the U8.
It's only for an hour.
And nothing exciting
ever happens on the U5.
The U8 is online.
Yes. Okay. Good.
All drivers. this is Control…
We have a good service on all lines.
Wagon 2600?
Because of the snow.
please reduce speed to 25km/h max.
Yes. okay. Understood.
Look where you are going. please.
Excuse me!
Could you stop there please?
Two steps back.
Nothing.
So. what's his deal?
He's an asylum seeker.
There's nothing to see here. keep going.
Control…
…this is Wagon 2600.
I urgently need a Code 700.
Max…
What's a "Code 700"?
He needs the toilet.
Would you like me to warn
the station manager at Unter Den Linden?
Zero Zero. Did you hear me?
Otto?
What are you doing here?
The person you're calling is unavailable…
Pick up. Marko.
…please leave a message.
What is it?
Is everything okay?
All good. Just a 700.
I thought you'd been suspended?
- Hey. can you talk to me?
- What's your problem?!
Just leave me alone.
Apologies. Control.
This is Wagon 2600…
…ready to depart.
Stand back. please.
Control. I think we should replace
the driver of Wagon 2600.
Copy that. I'll pass it on.
Maybe leave the boss out of it?
Otto's in enough trouble as it is.
He's not even supposed to be at work.
Let's just say…
…he's not feeling great.
Wagon 2600…
I understand you're unwell.
We're preparing
another driver to take over.
Control. this is Wagon 2600.
That's not necessary.
I'm feeling a lot better.
What's up?
It's all been arranged. Otto.
- Yes. but I…
- You'll be relieved at the next station.
Shit. This can't be happening.
Right everyone. This is our stop.
Open up.
You're being replaced.
Open the doors.
Interesting.
2600. please come in.
2600. you must stop at the next station.
Zero Zero. what's going on?
Talk to me.
2600?
Zero Zero?
Driver. you've gone through a red signal.
Otto? Please respond.
Piss off you idiot. get lost! Go away!
Otto? Otto. please respond.
Otto. you must stop the train.
Max! What do I do?
Come on!
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-